hey just his foot was sore and it just
not worth it for us to push him one good
chance of good opportunity for some of
those young guys to play I need your may
encourage two weeks from today you know
a little more you in setting up with
James are there any of those guys who
are out right now who would be an issue
to not play no no I know they're not
that long of injuries now if we kept
pushing them and pushing them those are
the kind of injuries that can linger and
you have a high ankle sprain and you
keep pounding on it paneling and it
never heals then it can become a problem
or if your foot a sprained foot if that
thing can go on and on and on if you
don't fix it right away and so we're
just trying to get him one hundred
percent healthy not 85 and throw them
back in and that thing hover around
eighty percent all year so try to get
him healthy while we can if if you had
to pick a winner today give it 20 I'd
give it to the defense for sure I
thought the defense today came out with
with the right energy and passion I
thought they're really focused and
locked in early on and they played
physical enthusiastic football which is
the the style of play that we like to
play with I thought with especially
early on we were really kind of
lackluster on offense I feel like we
were coming almost a little bit like in
slow motion and kind of in a sense
couldn't get out of our own way because
of penalties and just poor execution I
guess would be the best best way to
describe it not to make excuses but
without standing on Jermaine is that a
factor in it all I mean I think that
that definitely is somewhat of a factor
you're talking about to All pac-10
performers you know that you don't have
out there and it's great to have your
left tackle and it's great to have one
of your go-to wide receivers but I think
we have enough talent offensively I
think we can perform better than we did
because when you look at the you know
the offense no turnovers for the two
scrimmages the three phones didn't get
any choice is it which side of that is
the more upside well I think first the
biggest upside is not turn the ball over
you know I think that's one of the big
keys when you look at the turnover
margin and winning and losing there's no
more telling stat than winning the
turnover battle equates to equates to
W's and the easiest way to win the
turnover battle is not to give up any at
least or even so I think that I think
potentially a lot of turnovers can occur
on quarterback sacks and different
things which they aren't allowed to hit
the quarterback right now so that one's
a hard too hard one to tell as well but
I think our defenses is ball hungry and
they'll get after the football every
chance they get I'm appreciative of our
quarterback play making good decisions
and our running backs and why notes
playing with high and tight mentality
and they'll only that the reason they
are the way they are is because of the
way we practice and the focus by our
defense on the football that now it's
become a real focus for offensive team
seemed like there were a couple times
where Christine came out with the ones
and then you brought him right back what
was kind of happen I wanted to see him I
want to see him at guard with the ones
or eat then even a center with the ones
i want i want to see what he looks like
and i appreciate greg style of play I
think he's very bright football player
he's tough who fights and I just like
the way he plays was he I mean why was
he coming out coming out in the huddle
an incoming
at the end like substituting was we're
probably rolling guys I don't know
exactly McDaniel is it is there any
backup between Keith and is there any
anybody ahead of anybody I don't know I
don't know you know I get out we're
gonna assess these first two weeks here
over the weekend and into next week and
come to some kind of at least clear
sense that you know I'm not going to
wait until God forbid if something
happened to Jake that I'm gonna make a
decision off the cuff right there on the
sidelines wherever we are I'm gonna have
a plan in mine and so whether I tell you
or not Bob is the question would you say
of august twenty-first right now Keith
may be playing a little bit better um
he's playing pretty efficient that's for
sure you know I think I think he's
played consistently I think Nick might
have had a lull here there I thought
Nick did some nice things today as did
Keith but I think from a kiss
consistency standpoint for about the
last five or six practices keith is we
played out three high on Hannah is it
advantageous to you as a team doctor to
let the public know which one of those
guys might be damned oh yeah sure it is
you know that definitely there is
because they're different players in a
sense it is our system still but they
are different players and I think if
keesan you know our ability to move the
quarterback around is a distinct
advantage for us and when Nixon not that
Nick can't move but his ability to throw
the football are all over the field and
see coverages is something advantageous
for his game so I think if somebody knew
who the backup would be and then they
put them in they could already have
their plan in order so and that be
something that will have to assess that
if we if we do an ounce or if you don't
announce or city Clark we're doing about
kinsman
special teams done today I like him I
think Kevin isn't as a football player
that